[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory, and we
have two special guests
for you today, Dr. JJ
Hurtak and his wife Desiree.
We are going to be
talking about their work
in the field of anthropology,
ancient civilizations.
And they have done
extensive work.
One of their books is called
"The Book of Knowledge:
The Keys of Enoch."
JJ and Desiree, welcome
to Beyond Belief.
>>JJ JJ: Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: Good to
see both of you.
And you have been a superstar
on our radio show, "Coast
to Coast AM."
>>JJ: I have, and I'm
privileged to be here.
And you, George, are a
great pioneer of the future,
so we're glad to join the team.
>>NOORY: Tell me about Enoch.
Who was Enoch?
>>JJ: Enoch in the
biblical traditions
is the man who walks
with God, the one who
was taken in the book of Genesis
to see the divine dimension.
>>NOORY: Was he a human?
>>JJ: He was a human
who was able to graduate
into the angelic category.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Right.
He's very much like
Elijah, who was taken up.
And he's also known as one
who initiates into light.
And so it's very
interesting, because he
was one of the ancient
peoples who talked
about many worlds, many realms.
>>NOORY: Now, when you
put your book together,
"The Book of Knowledge:
The Keys of Enoch," how did
you even start your research?
>>JJ: It was based
upon an experience
I had as a young professor.
I was teaching Oriental
science, traditional teachings
of the Near East
and the Far East.
And I kept running into
the metaphor of beings
of light, angelic forms.
And I felt I could not
in intellectual honesty
speak to my students
about these other realms
without some type of experience.
And so I began to, shall we
say, compose linguistic formulas
based upon ancient writings.
And I was also
trained as a musician,
so I used musical cues and
ancient linguistic expressions.
And at one point,
a morphogenic field
opened to me in a
moment of prayer.
My body was
bi-located physically
into another dimension.
And in that moment, I've seen
literally beings of light.
I was given, as it
were, the background
of this remarkable book.
>>DESIREE: And as a student, I
can tell you when he came back,
his whole reality changed.
He knew other situations.
He could describe in
detail things that had been
talked about for 6,000 years.
So he had information from the
past, the present, and also
the future.
>>NOORY: How long were
you technically gone?
>>JJ: Two and 1/2 days if
you count the physical time.
Fortunately, I was teaching
at California Institute
of the Arts, which is the
California school funded
by Walt Disney and his brother.
And some of my
students had cameras,
so they could actually
take pictures of the light
around my body.
And--
>>DESIREE: When you
came back, yeah.
>>JJ: And that was what
it was of interest,
because this light phenomena
continued for a few weeks.
>>NOORY: Now, for two
and 1/2 days, though,
were you physically gone?
>>JJ: I was physically
in another dimension
for two and 1/2 days.
>>NOORY: Jeez.
And then when you appeared, you
appeared back in the classroom?
>>JJ: No, I appeared at a
home in Sausalito, California
where I was staying.
>>DESIREE: Actually,
it was January 2 and 3,
so it was during vacation break.
>>JJ: And so pictures were taken
of me because this phenomena
continued for a while.
And naturally, the book
I wrote, "Keys of Enoch"
is an Enochian experience
of the light journey
that I experienced.
>>DESIREE: But now
many years later,
we realize that, really,
most things in this book
have come to pass.
Such as the Great
Pyramid connected
with Orion, multiverses,
many universes, many realms.
So this is all of what he saw.
And like Enoch, who was
taken to these other heavens,
if you read the ancient
Ethiopic book of Enoch,
it's very, very
similar on some levels.
But it's also very
relevant for us today.
>>NOORY: You were years ahead
of your time, weren't you?
>>JJ: 20 years
before Robert Bauval
in showing the relationship
between the star
shafts of the Great
Pyramid and the three stars
in the belt of Orion.
Many years before those NASA
scientists who said the sun now
is considered a variable star.
>>DESIREE: He actually had
the same words in the thing.
It says the sun is
a variable star.
And then someone from JPL
just about seven years ago
came out with the
exact same words.
>>NOORY: Well, maybe
they saw the book.
Is that possible?
>>DESIREE: Well, it's really
more, I think, consciousness.
Once you bring that
information through,
people start looking
and coming into that.
That's what we feel.
We're not saying people
really take from the book.
>>NOORY: Who beamed you
into that other dimension,
basically?
>>JJ: I would say, to use
the biblical expression,
the sons of light.
The Bene Elohim.
>>DESIREE: But they
asked if he was ready.
I think that's a difference.
Some people say, oh, you
were abducted by an ET.
But he actually was
asked, are you ready?
And you said?
>>JJ: I was.
>>NOORY: So you basically
gave them permission.
>>JJ: I gave them permission.
And I said in my
prayer, if I could
be shown there was a higher
realm of intelligence,
the divine source, something
beyond the average aspect
of astronomy, I would
dedicate my life
to bringing forth
the higher message.
And as a result
of my experience,
I felt a need to bring
together a blueprint of how
the spiritual and the scientific
converge and harmonize
at a much higher level.
Whereas on the human level,
they are in opposition,
as it is traditionally taught.
>>NOORY: Well, when you were--
and I'm going to use
the phrase beamed back,
because it's easier for
me to comprehend this,
did you see things in
the future as well?
>>JJ: I did see things
into the future, which
is in my other books that
I've written since that time.
I saw that there
would be evidences
of an archive of information
discovered under the Giza
Plateau.
I saw, for example, things
that would be discovered
in the South Pacific
in terms of an earlier
branch of the human
experiment of life
that took place in the isle
of Flores in Indonesia.
And this was confirmed
in the beginning
of this present century
by anthropologists,
the Homo floresiensis, as the
diminutive human is called.
And I saw that there
would be increasing
ET events, or
extraterrestrial events that
would force the governments
to go into disclosure.
>>NOORY: Which may or may not
happen at this point, huh?
>>JJ: We're very close
to what I consider
to be the taste of honey.
The fact that we are not
alone in the universe,
that we as the human race
are one of many, many races
of cosmic intelligence.
>>NOORY: There was an
archaeological discovery
in Central Asia.
Let's take a look at that.
>> This is the Taklamakan
Desert, one of the hottest,
driest places on Earth.
A few years ago,
these salty sands
began to yield an eerie harvest.
Human mummies.
People who were alive
3,500 years ago.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The mummies are unique.
A glimpse through a crack
in the door of history.
A door which until
now, China has kept
shut, perhaps to hide a history
that's culturally sensitive.
From the start, the
mummies were an enigma.
They didn't look Chinese at all.
So who were these people?
Where did they come from?
And why did they disappear,
leaving only the remains
of the dead behind?
It's a forensic mystery
on an epic scale.
A whole people
missing, believed dead.
Now an international
team of experts
have come to the
Taklamakan, detectives
set to solve the
riddle in the sands.
>>NOORY: Those were
all great questions.
Who were these people?
>>JJ: The Taklamakan
Desert means he who enters
does not return.
It's one of the greatest
deserts in Central Asia.
In 1988, with permission
of the Chinese authorities,
my wife and I had
the opportunity
to conduct a small
expedition into this area.
And as you can see
by the film, these
are proto-Europeans, not Asians,
who once lived in Central Asia.
>>DESIREE: You have red
hair on the mummies.
You also have almost a
type of tattoo on the face.
Because these were people
who were living there and got
into nature, so to speak.
But we were there.
We actually saw some
of these mummies.
And the reason why we went is
because "The Keys of Enoch"
talk about the Taklamakan as one
of the key places for, really,
civilization to start.
And what we feel at
one point that there
was a whole different
climate at the time.
And so people were able to
live there and thrive there.
>>JJ: Not only
that, but there was
the discovery of an
underground hydraulic system.
>>NOORY: Really?
They were advanced?
>>DESIREE: Yeah.
The Chinese still use it
today to water their trees
and plants.
>>JJ: This is the basis of what
we call the Great Wall of China
going through the desert now to
reclaim much of the Taklamakan
Desert for future irrigation
and ecological communities.
>>NOORY: It looks like
a treacherous area.
Is it?
>>JJ: Yeah, it is.
It's mostly desert right now.
But it's really right
down from Tibet.
So you wonder if some
of the Tibetan knowledge
didn't also come
from the people that
had lived in the Taklamakan.
>>NOORY: Now, when you say
have lived, where did they go?
What happened to them?
>>JJ: Due to climate change
at that time, several thousand
years before the
present era, it is
believed that most of
the proto-Europeans who
were in the plains area of the
western part of the Taklamakan
basin simply went over
to the European side.
The steppes of Russia, Ukraine,
and into Eastern Europe.
>>DESIREE: And that's why
the Chinese don't really
like this information,
because they weren't Chinese
as the document said.
And so there's a Han
people, and there's also
the other people, the
Uyghur people, that they
claim that those were them.
But also, they probably
went to Hungary,
to Europe, made the
whole pilgrimage
to maybe where we are today.
>>JJ: I would say
the Chinese were very
respectful of our being there.
So what Desiree said
reflects only a small branch
of what we call
traditional sinologists.
The majority of Chinese
archaeologists, anthropologists
were very helpful,
and acknowledge
that this is an
information base that
can understand,
really, Eastern as well
as Western civilization.
>>NOORY: Well, it's
almost like Egypt,
where Hawass, for example,
wants everything Egyptian.
If you would bring to the
table any possibilities
that the pyramids may
have been constructed
by outside sources, not
Egyptians, he goes ballistic.
Same thing with the Chinese?
>>JJ: Yes.
I would say, knowing Dr.
Hawass in the formal sense,
with a wink of the eye,
there's an understanding
that there is another
area of Egyptology that
needs to be explored that
is under the sands of Egypt,
not just on the surface.
What we see on the surface is
just the tip of an iceberg,
of a vast civilization
Desiree and I
feel is much earlier
and more, shall we say,
elongated in terms
of its influences.
>>NOORY: If there was one
of those civilizations,
tell me the effect on
planet Earth at that time.
How advanced were they?
>>DESIREE: Well,
one of the things
that the Chinese
have brought out
is these people may
have invented the wheel.
And of course, they're
not so happy about that.
That was one of the reasons.
So the wheel really changed
our culture, our civilization.
>>NOORY: Changed everything.
>>JJ: And we feel--
actually, there's
a picture in "The
Keys of Enoch" that
talks about these cities that
were on tops of mountains
that we believe
they had lived in.
This is something that the
Russians, back in the '40s,
were able to get in and see.
There's these
ancient cities still
there in the area of the
desert near the Taklamakan.
So I think that
they were advanced.
These were not people
living in huts.
These are people living
in, we'll say, mud brick.
>>NOORY: Did they
have high technology?
>>DESIREE: Well, it's
always a question.
Dr. Hurtak actually had
brought out the fact
that there was a
type of disk record.
And we see that
like today in CDs.
Now, whether those were
really electronic or not
has yet to be seen.
They haven't really--
>>NOORY: What else would
they have used it for, right?
>>DESIREE: I know.
But these are possibilities
of documents and records
that may be storage.
Like you take crystal skulls.
People feel that there's
actually information
coded in the crystal skulls.
>>NOORY: Yes.
It's almost as if it's a chip.
>>DESIREE: Right.
So, exactly.
And we didn't even understand
that, say, 40 years ago
when "The Keys of
Enoch" came out.
How you could code information,
how you can use even
Wi-Fi to communicate
and do things.
And I think all these things
some of the ancients had,
and they used in certain
ways that we're just
understanding today.
>>NOORY: That's
pretty fascinating.
>>JJ: So our work has been,
over the last 45 years,
to connect where the databases
of earlier civilization
throughout the world.
Societies that were able
to provide food and water
for their respective
communities,
have very advanced astrophysical
calendar systems, as well
as language systems that
provided what we call
a navigational society to
circumnavigate Mother Earth
and point out areas of
information and development
far earlier than
that which we see in
classical Egyptology and Western
European and Oriental history.
>>NOORY: Is there a
message behind some
of these past
civilizations that we
need to accept and understand
as people of today?
>>JJ: Yes.
The message is we are all
connected with Mother Earth
and with Mother Heavens.
And that we are on
a journey of life
that connects us in
a very unique way
with star-born cultures.
And you see this, whether it's
in the high deserts of South
America, or in the deserts and
landscapes of the Near East,
in the Far East, people
who were developing
the astronomical
gifts very early
with great mathematical
skill and understanding.
>>DESIREE: And we feel, in a
sense, we're kind of colonists
here.
And we've talked to
Credo Mutwa, who's
a very old friend of ours.
We've known him since the 1980s
and did a documentary with him.
He said that people
lived on Mars.
This is part of
the Zulu culture.
And they came in Merakaiba,
which is very close to the word
Merkaba, and they came
to Africa because Mars
was changing its environment.
And we've talked to
many other people
who say even this
planet, of course,
goes through these cycles
of environmental change.
Elizabeth Klarer, if we're
talking about South Africa.
I'm not sure if you're
familiar with her.
She wrote a book called
"Beyond the Light Barrier."
She was a very good
friend of ours.
And she wrote in the '70s but
from her experience in the '50s
that she was in contact with
extraterrestrial civilizations
from Alpha Centauri.
Which is really one
of the closest stars.
It's less than five
light years away,
which is pretty
close when you talk
about other constellations.
And that they had to
leave this planet because
of environmental changes.
But they kept a
base in Antarctica.
She said this in the
'70s in her books.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
She was way ahead
of her time too.
>>DESIREE: She was a
magnificent person.
>>JJ: Merkaba means, in
Hebrew, the spiritual vehicle
of ascension or space travel.
And so when Desiree made the
reference to the Zulu tradition
linguistically connected with
the Near Eastern languages,
we're speaking about
metaphors and symbols
that we have seen in
different language groups
throughout the world.
>>NOORY: You were one of
the first, Dr. Hurtak,
to also talk about similarities
between Earth and Mars
in terms of structures
and pyramids.
How did you come
about that knowledge?
>>JJ: Well, I had the
opportunity many years ago
to work in remote
viewing programs.
And I had a
astrophysical experience
of seeing briefly
that there were
structures on Mars similar to
what we find throughout Mother
Earth.
Namely, pyramidal grids,
or pyramidal geometries.
And so I had told
some of my friends
at NASA before the Mariner 9--
>>NOORY: What did they say?
>>JJ: Well, they said
they would take a look.
And so when the
Mariner 9 brought back
over 50,000 pictures, there
in the Elysium quadrangle,
there was a series of
major and minor pyramids.
And I had the opportunity
to get permission
to publish in "The
Keys of Enoch"
the actual documents long
before everybody got involved
in the act in the 1980s.
This is in 1973.
>>NOORY: What did NASA
say behind the scenes
about some of these structures?
>>DESIREE: Well, of course,
they think it's just
wind formations, wind blast.
But when you look at
four structures together,
they form a grid point.
So these things could be,
when you get up there.
But we feel that,
actually, there was
civilization before on Mars.
Mars now lost its magnetic
field, and so in turn,
its atmosphere.
We know that there was
actually more water on Mars--
and this is scientifically
proven now--
than there is on Earth.
>>NOORY: So is it gone, or
is it deep within the planet?
>>DESIREE: Well,
some of it obviously
went into the crevasses.
Some of it is still in certain
places, maybe in frozen ice.
But for the most part, because
when you lose your atmosphere,
you lose your
structure, literally.
>>JJ: I had the
opportunity to release this
on a worldwide telecast, "Good
Morning Australia," where
the Australians were a
bit more open minded.
And so we had the
opportunity to show
close-ups of these gargantuan
pyramidal land forms.
And again, later,
of course, we know
that many Americans got into the
popular literature of pyramids
and the face on Mars, but
we were the first, really,
to bring this out.
>>DESIREE: Right.
And this is called the
Sagan pyramids now.
Of course, Carl Sagan
was very popular.
>>JJ: Carl Sagan brought
out four arguments why
these were natural phenomena.
They were the result of
supersonic wind burst,
a regolithic mantle building,
all sorts of technical language
that a geologist would use.
But clearer examination
of this over the years
privately by think tanks
in our country as well as
Russia affirm the fact
that these clear standing
forms, three-sided,
four-sided, five-sided,
were not the result
of wind blast,
but were there as a
type of terraforming
that would exist from a
previous possible extrasolar
civilization.
>>NOORY: Well, and
you wouldn't think
that wind blast would carve out
four- or five-sided pyramids.
>>JJ: This was the argument
of Credo Mutwa, the great Zulu
shaman who was also an
artist, an architect.
He said anybody who
look clearly at this
would see that the supersonic
winds would wear it down.
But these were structures
that stood there for thousands
upon thousands of years.
>>NOORY: Lots of
theories abound about how
pyramids were constructed.
>>ANTON PARKS: [SPEAKING FRENCH]
>> In my view, the Great
Pyramid was built by Isis.
I believe it was created to
reincarnate Osiris into Horus.
It is quite complicated.
The Osirion, the
so-called aquatic temple
dedicated to Osiris in Abydos,
[EGYPTIAN] in Egyptian,
means it is located
in the city which is,
according to Egyptian history,
the first city of Osiris.
Yet to be able to find
seashells on a temple located
in the middle of
the desert, you have
to go back thousands of
years, at least 10,000 years.
Why would he have made such a
temple with aquatic features?
Because Osiris,
who's also Enki--
they are the same person--
had amphibian genes.
Osiris, Enki, was
killed by his nemesis
Set, who is in fact
Enlil, during one
of their many battles.
It took place in Abydos,
which also corresponds
to the Sumerian Apsu, where
Osiris's aquatic temple can
be found.
The texts clearly state that
all of Osiris's servants
were slaughtered
during a battle.
As well as Osiris himself,
who was crucified on a tree.
This is how he died.
Isis is quite a character.
She can't really be found
in Mesopotamian literature,
although she could be
considered the goddess Ninti.
She is the woman who lives in
the great deeps, underground.
I think that these
underground passageways
could correspond
to the ones we can
find under the Giza Plateau.
We know that the Giza Plateau
is full of underground passages.
I believe that the clan
of Osiris lived there.
As far as the resurrection of
Osiris into Horus is concerned,
Isis organizes it.
The texts are very
clear about that.
And we understand that she
used Osiris's genetic code
to create Horus.
She created the Great Pyramid in
order to accomplish this task.
The Great Pyramid allowed Isis
to find Osiris's soul again.
We don't really
know how, but she
would have put Horus's
genetic code in the pyramid.
She would have been able to
create another body using
Osiris's genetic code,
the so-called yuef,
in Egyptian, body.
And thanks to the coding
of the Great Pyramid,
she reached Osiris's
soul so it could come
into the new body of Horus.
>>NOORY: And that, of course,
was researcher Anton Parks.
Do you agree with him?
>>JJ: Well, he's using
the mythological symbol
of Isis and Osiris, which
we're very familiar with.
But there's more to the story.
We're scientists.
We're looking at the
myth behind the myth,
the science behind the myth.
>>DESIREE: Actually,
Osiris was cut
into something like 14 pieces.
Isis, she put those pieces
together just long enough
to continue the
element of, we'll say,
sacred birth or pharaoh.
>>JJ: Sometimes the
text will say 14,
sometimes they'll say 16
parts were reassembled.
But the thrust of our
work has been to search
for the tomb of Osiris.
>>DESIREE: In late 1990s,
with the Shore expedition
and our very good
friend Boris Said,
who was an archaeologist
in his own right,
we went into the tomb of Osiris.
Of course, it
wasn't called that.
And there are, as the film
said, many underground passages
underneath the Giza Plateau.
We went in with radar and
sonar because there's water
underneath that structure.
And we were able to find what
was called the tomb itself,
which is on a third level down,
100 feet or 30 meters down.
>>NOORY: What did
you think of it?
>>JJ: Well, we
were, shall we say,
shocked that there would
be a moat around the tomb
itself, showing that this was
organized as a mythological as
well as a physical presentation
of a different story
of evolution of Osiris.
>>NOORY: Clearly thought out.
>>JJ: No.
I mean, this room
100 feet down, so you
have three tiers going down.
The second tier actually
had several sarcophagi,
so it could be part of a family.
And the lowest one had the one.
But the room itself had corners.
Because you think if
they just dug and they
want to bury someone, they
don't put corners in the room.
But they actually had
corners in that room,
and this moat around it.
And we also could see from
our radar studies on the walls
that there were
probably other passages.
And we believe that it
probably goes all the way
to the Great Pyramid.
Probably, it's connected a
little bit with the causeway
from the central
pyramid to the Sphinx.
But we also have
certain theories
which we're coming out with
shortly, which is the fact
that water played a key role.
In fact, most of the pyramids
in Egypt are along the Nile.
Now, the Nile is
not what it used
to be because of the Aswan Dam.
But there used to be a
much more larger flooding.
>>NOORY: It was wider too.
Much wider.
>>DESIREE: Yeah.
And our work with hydrogen
energy and Brown's gas--
if you're familiar with that,
which is where you take water,
and you make
hydrogen and oxygen,
and you can actually get gas
out of it to run electricity--
we feel is part of the
puzzle, not the only puzzle,
but part of the puzzle of Egypt.
>>JJ: So there's a very
extensive hydraulic system
that the Egyptians--
we believe--
used for energy production.
And if you look very carefully
at the hydraulic system
underneath the
sand through radar,
you'll see that possibly,
these were energy stations
that the Egyptians
were able to employ.
I will want to emphasize,
though, we had an opportunity--
I in particular-- to go out
into one of the passages.
And there are numerous
passages under the Giza Plateau
that connect the step pyramid
with the pyramids proper.
>>NOORY: If you're
claustrophobic,
would you go crazy down there?
>>>>DESIREE: No.
The rooms are quite
big, actually.
>>NOORY: Are they?
>>>>DESIREE: Yeah.
I mean, the hardest thing is
going up and down the ladders.
>>JJ: The actual passageways
themselves have not
been fully explored.
I had the opportunity
to go into one area.
There is at least,
in my opinion,
three miles' worth of passages.
>>NOORY: Three miles?
>>JJ: From the step pyramid
to the pyramids proper.
>>>>DESIREE: Well, the step
pyramid really also being
Saqqara.
Actually, if you've
ever looked inside--
which most people haven't, but
there's some graphs about it--
inside the big step
pyramid at Saqqara,
you'll find almost like
an energy technology.
They have these vents,
these different corridors.
It's very, very unusual.
Most people don't
even realize it.
They think it's just solid
with a bunch of little,
we'll say, corridors
or chambers.
But it's much more complex.
>>NOORY: What came first, the
pyramids or the passageways?
>>JJ: I think they were both
in the context of the blueprint
put together at the same time,
because you cannot construct
any edifice without having
the proper foundation.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>JJ: So there is what
we call the basement
complex that was engineered.
And then upon the basement
complex, using water
as a way of putting a, shall we
say, a good level perspective.
The Japanese, by
the way, in 1978
tried to create the pyramids.
Well, we were there,
and we have a film
showing how they were completely
unable with new technology
to create a pyramid,
even on the small scale.
>>>>DESIREE: Right.
They try to use
barges, and they tried
to use primitive cutting tools.
They ended up having to
use saws and helicopters
to move these bricks.
And they didn't even get higher
than a three-story building.
>>NOORY: No.
We don't even have
cranes that could
lift those kinds of
tonnage of blocks today.
>>JJ: Right.
That was shown in the
documentary, "The Mystery
of the Great Sphinx."
>>>>DESIREE: And in
some cases, though,
many scholars that have looked
at the Great Pyramid feel that,
actually, it was
built in two stages.
So you have the inner part of
it and then the outer part.
These are all up for grabs.
But we do feel--
"The Mystery of the Sphinx,"
which is something that John
Anthony West, Robert Schoch
talking about the sphinx itself
and how it was built. But
it shows how vibrations--
and of course, they were
just doing little balls--
can actually lift the blocks.
Because really, to
try to haul these 2-,
3-ton blocks up is amazing.
But then inside, you get
50-ton, you get 80-ton blocks.
That's even harder to move.
>>NOORY: Oh, my God, yeah.
>>JJ: So to revisit your
question about Isis,
no, we feel that
the symbol of Enoch
and the Enochian tradition
represents a higher
level of, shall we say,
cosmic engineering that
was on the planet in
a much earlier date.
>>NOORY: Was there
extraterrestrial help there?
>>JJ: In the sense
of what we've seen
in these massive structures,
underground passageways
without lights as we
know it, definitely
a hand of higher intelligence
was involved, yes.
>>NOORY: Without a doubt?
>>JJ: Without a doubt,
because in the experience
I had with what I call
ultraterrestrial intelligence,
intelligence even more advanced
than the extraterrestrial,
it was clear that that structure
we call the Great Pyramid
would become a type of Bible
in stone, a type of beacon
of information that generations
in the future would call upon.
>>>>DESIREE: Right.
And in particular, of course,
in "The Keys of Enoch"
as well as many now
with Robert Bauval,
say the pyramid points to Orion.
And that's really
one of the keys.
Why did the pharaoh
want to go to Orion?
I mean, no one knew
what Orion even was.
It was just a big star
constellation there.
Now we realize that we're
actually in the arm of Orion
in the Milky Way, that there's
actually the Orion arm.
And in addition to that,
what Dr. Hurtak had
in his experience is
that, actually, he
saw how the three stars
in the belt of Orion
were like a vortex point
to other dimensions,
other realities.
And this was true also
in the Mayan culture.
So the Mayans recognized Orion
as the father of the gods.
And they actually have--
a lot of their
pyramids are based
on the Orion construction.
>>NOORY: That sure is.
It's fascinating how they
tie into celestial objects.
>>JJ: Not only that, but
with the hydraulic systems
underneath the pyramids, we've
seen this in South America,
we've seen this in
Central America.
We were able to work
also in the Far East.
>>>>DESIREE: Right.
Like Chichen Itza right
now, the main El Castillo,
they found water underneath.
Now, no person in
their right mind
would build something
on top of water.
I mean, that is ridiculous.
>>NOORY: Unless.
Unless.
>>DESIREE: Unless.
[CHUCKLES] Unless
it means something.
Unless it can produce energy.
Unless there's--
>>NOORY: Christopher Dunn
believes it's a power plant.
>>DESIREE: Exactly.
And really, to find
water in these places--
even Nikola Tesla
actually wanted water
underneath his structures.
>>JJ: But George,
even more important,
we did music tests with
very special musicologists.
We were able to
examine the range
of musical acoustical
vibration with that
which the human ear could
hear in subatomic resonance.
>>NOORY: 440 and three-fourths--
432?
>>JJ: Right.
>>DESIREE: Well,
A sharp, F sharp
were the two vibrations we got
mostly in Egypt and in Mexico.
We were able to do testing--
>>NOORY: Used to push
the blocks into place?
>>DESIREE: Well, it's
a resonant chamber,
but we think that
there was probably
some sort of frequencies
that were used
to levitate some of the blocks.
>>JJ: The open tomb in the
King's Chamber, the king's
coffer, as it is
called, resonates
with certain musical
sounds or vibrations.
So the chambers or rooms
in the Great Pyramid
represent, in our
research, aspects
of the human circulatory system.
The heartbeat, for
example, 68 to 72 beats,
resonates with certain sounds.
And I have a picture to
show the audience I brought
with me, in one case when
we use certain sounds
inside the Great Pyramid,
the Grand Gallery
lit up in golden light
for a few seconds.
>>NOORY: Really?
Interesting.
>>JJ: So there's this
whole sound physics
based upon the construction
of the Great Pyramid showing
that we are in the
reddish portion
of the electromagnetic spectrum.
The open coffer of
the King's Chamber
represents the humanity
going through a process
of ritualistic ascension.
This, plus the astrophysics,
plus the water hydraulics
underneath, plus the
massive structures all
throughout the Giza Plateau
over 19 square kilometers
suggests that this is a
super civil engineering that
would take several
Einsteins to figure out.
So we've done the math, the
physics, and the music test,
and this will be published
in a forthcoming book.
>>DESIREE: And what's
very interesting--
and other people have done
this-- you take Easter Island,
and then you move to Nazca,
where you have the Paracas
culture with the elongated
heads and some other interesting
things in Peru.
And then you move
to Machu Picchu,
and you can draw a straight
line all the way to Giza.
And then you continue on
to the area of Indonesia,
and that whole
area of Angkor Wat.
Now, when you talk
about Angkor Wat
and you say, how was it built,
and you listen to legend,
they said the blocks were
all flown into place.
So how did you get blocks
flying into place if you didn't
have some sort of vibrational--
>>NOORY: Wouldn't you love to
have been there just to witness
this?
>>DESIREE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Edgar Cayce, the
late American prophet,
talked about the Hall of Records
at the base of the Sphinx.
What do you think of that?
Robert Schoch says that
there's something down there.
>>JJ: A 9-foot-deep
water capsule
probably used for baptism
or ritual of some sort.
Certainly, there's a
much larger chamber
that needs to be explored.
I was there with Dr. Dobecki,
who did the sounding tests
underneath the--
>>NOORY: There is a
structure down there.
>>DESIREE: Right.
Boris Said and--
>>NOORY: There's a chamber.
>>DESIREE: --and Dobecki
were doing sound testing,
and you could see this chamber.
>>NOORY: It's a big one too.
>>DESIREE: And they wanted
to put fiber optic in,
but it was like
almost impossible.
>>NOORY: The architectural
sketches of the pyramids
are probably down in there.
>>DESIREE: And we do feel,
even the tomb of Osiris--
which is really also a
grid point on the plateau--
is part of that alignment.
That really is all underground.
We feel there's more
under the ground of Giza
than there is above the ground,
and I think that's very--
>>JJ: "The Keys of Enoch"
speak about a chamber
inside the Sphinx.
And so we discovered
this chamber,
and underneath the
back of the chamber
of the underground passageway
to the pyramid complex itself.
So we were down
in that structure,
although it was officially
of, shall we say,
denied in the classical
sense of Egyptology,
we've been able to
see the footprint
that this was part of a much
earlier period of construction.
>>DESIREE: And if I can
jump for one more minute,
we also recently just last
year went to the Yucatan.
And near Uxmal is
another site that
has underground structures
literally going also
for 3 or 4 kilometers.
And on top of that is
something like 25 pyramids
that have not been uncovered.
The Mexican government
doesn't even
want to uncover
another pyramid, it
costs them so much
to maintain each one.
But there's so much
in the whole Yucatan.
And now recently, of
course, National Geographic
released information
about Tikal,
showing that there's probably
a million-plus people that
had lived in that area.
>>NOORY: That's fascinating.
Now, if there might have been
any ET involvement at all,
a lot of people
try to speculate,
why did they come here?
And did they seed here?
You know, Zecharia
Sitchin theories
that the Annunaki came
here and created man
from whatever species might
have been on the planet.
We've got a program on
Gaia called "Deep Space,"
and they somewhat
address the possibilities
that ET may have
jumpstarted life here.
>> Could some of these beings
from another planet not only be
considered alien,
but also human?
If they were human, did
they help seed the planet?
>>NICK REDFERN: One of the
more interesting theories
when it comes to
ancient astronauts
is the idea of like a
progenitor of civilization.
That's to say, something
along the lines
of a very ancient
highly-advanced culture
that sort of seeded
the universe, for
want of a better term.
And if you look at a
lot of the entities that
are reported in UFO encounters
going back to, say, the '40s
and '50s, we have the very
human-looking space brothers
with the long hair.
Which a lot of
people dismiss, but I
don't write off a lot of
those stories, personally.
Even the Greys.
Now, they don't exactly
look like us, but they--
the head, two eyes,
vague nose, vague mouth,
and two arms and two legs.
So they are, in that
sense, quite close to us.
But what I find
interesting is that, when
you're dealing with
abductions, they very often
take genetic material
from the abductees.
We're talking about eggs,
sperm, DNA, skin samples.
If we were dealing
with races of entities
that were totally separate,
I find it very difficult
to think that our DNA and the
raw materials they need from us
would be totally
compatible with them.
That, to me, is too
much of a coincidence.
So I think that's
why we can make
a case of an ancient race
seeding the universe.
Which, depending on the
atmosphere, and the gravity,
and the food, and everything
else of the relevant planet
over millions of
years, the Greys
may have developed in a
different physical fashion
to what we have.
We're totally different,
really, in many respects
to Cro-Magnon man,
or Neanderthal man.
But they were still humans.
But they were different builds,
their brain size was different.
So I think we could be dealing
with something like that.
That civilization maybe
doesn't even exist anymore,
but was the original seeding of
the universe or of the galaxy.
>>NOORY: That's our buddy Nick
Redfern, fascinating theory.
>>DESIREE: Well, we
agree with a lot of that
because we personally feel
that we are out there in space.
And I think that he was
kind of alluding to that.
That you're not going to--
>>JJ: We're not really
associating the Great Pyramid
with the Greys.
They were beautiful people
of greater height and majesty
of mind and spirit,
so we would consider
them to be
extracelestials as opposed
to these Greys, which
in many ways are--
from the UFO community--
possible bio-robots
that were created.
>>DESIREE: Right.
And so the ideas that
it's Greys or us, that's
not how we see it.
We see that there are
many races out in space.
And if you go to
another planet, chances
are you're going to find us.
And that's really strange,
because you'd think that there
would be a little green
man, or a grey person,
but how about finding us?
>>JJ: So as futurists, we
must see a positive future.
We have the selective
factor to go with the higher
architects and bio-engineers
in the universe,
rather than be scared by these
other experimental lifeforms.
And I think that's
the key distinction
of our work throughout the
world with university professors
and anthropologists,
archaeologists
who want to take the high road
in showing that we can judge--
to use biblical language--
we can judge the angels.
We can take the path of those
who give us real science
rather than play games with us.
>>DESIREE: Yeah.
So we feel we
colonized this planet.
And almost like
"Lost in Space," we
were stuck out here
for a little while,
maybe in some
primitive conditions.
Eventually, more and more came
and we developed this society.
And ultimately,
now, that's why we
have people who are like
our cousins watching us.
The people that saw Elizabeth
Klarer connected with her.
She even had a baby
with them, because they
were so close to us.
Look just like her.
But they lived on
a different planet,
so they had a little slightly
different heart rhythm,
she was told.
So she couldn't
stay there too long
if she wanted to
come back because it
would have been hard on her body
to go back and forth and that--
>>JJ: So the name of
the planet is Meton.
It's mentioned in
"The Keys of Enoch."
>>NOORY: And where is that?
What constellation?
>>DESIREE: Alpha Centauri.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>DESIREE: That's
what she's claiming.
But it's interesting, this
happened in the '50s to her.
And so Greys exist,
reptilians exist,
praying mantises exist, but
they're all different races.
When we were on this planet,
we'll say 300,000 years ago,
you had Homo erectus,
you had Homo neanderthal,
you had Homo naledi is now
coming in, you had Homo flores,
and now you have Denisovans.
So you had five different
races living on this planet
at the same time.
>>NOORY: Similar but different.
>>DESIREE: Similar
but different.
Right, exactly.
>>JJ: So our book is a
biophysical code book showing
how we can be programmed,
and how we can all often
participate in the
bioengineering.
>>DESIREE: But what we think
of who created the pyramids
were not Greys, and I think he
was actually alluding that it
may be someone more like us.
But were those who
were here to establish
our race, our connection, our
Adamic specie on this planet.
And Dr. Hurtak feels that
the pyramids even today
are like chrono monitors,
that they're still sending out
energies and beacons
about consciousness
and what's happening on the
planet so that ETs can pick up.
And I say ETs, Adamic
species as well,
can pick up on what's
happening and watch the planet.
We have the watchers
all around us.
>>NOORY: Why come here?
Why come here to this planet?
Was it a mission
to seed the planet?
Is that what they may do?
Maybe they go to
Earth-like planets
all throughout the solar system?
>>JJ: Well, clearly,
there are many reasons.
Some could come by
in their Lamborghinis
and stop off long
enough to take pictures
of our interesting
civilizations.
Others come here with a sense
of co-engineering with aspects
of our human psyche,
our human brain material
that they need in their
respective planetary societies.
Others may look upon us as
in need of scientific help.
And again, "The Keys" speak
of environmental change,
climate change that
requires cooperation.
We must understand, we
are a Homo universalis,
we are universal.
Humanity waking up to
the fact that we're
part of a cosmic family.
And so we have to engineer,
I believe, a new sociology
and psychology that we are being
prepared to be cosmic citizens.
And our friends are--
from the positive sense--
giving us clues to
look at our ancestry
where our ancestors had a much
larger astronomy and cosmology.
And we must adapt ourselves
to new directions.
>>NOORY: What about propulsion?
How did they get in here?
>>JJ: Hyperspace navigation.
>>DESIREE: Yeah.
And some of the information he
had was electromagnetic fields,
and as well as hyperspace.
So even though I said
Alpha Centauri's nearby,
4 or 5 light-years, it
doesn't take that long
to even go to Orion, which is
like 1,000 light-years away.
Of course, there's
different stars in Orion,
but even some stars of the
belt. So basically, they
can take their
entire, we'll say,
gravitational field with
them and just move quickly.
>>NOORY: Are they
bending space and time?
>>DESIREE: Well, that's why they
look so-- and we agree with Bob
Lazar on this--
that's why they look so
funky when they're here
in our reality, because
they can't function so well
in our gravitational field.
They have to be able
to get that together
to be able to move
on to the next place.
So it's really-- yeah, bending
space and time in that sense.
Or we worked a lot
with remote viewing.
And in remote viewing,
you're actually non-local.
So if you can start functioning
with a non-local field,
you're here and
you're also there.
It's kind of teleportation.
>>JJ: This is pointed out
in our new book called
"Mind Dynamics in
Space and Time"
with the noted physicist
Elizabeth Rauscher, who worked
at Stanford Research Institute.
A 600-page book of the real
X-Files that shows the work
behind the scenes--
>>NOORY: That's the one
you signed over to me.
>>JJ: That's right.
It's a book that
will, shall we say,
open the public's eye to things
that have gone on secretly
for many years as to the
power and potential we all
have to move matter, to open
the door of space-time reality
to other dimensions,
and to understand
the psychology
behind the phenomena
of these so-called
strange objects.
We're interested in
the cosmic who's who.
Who is behind these probes?
Who is doing the research?
And why are some, shall we say,
considered negative as opposed
to others that are
transformative?
What is the spiritual
psychology, if there is any?
And if that's to be defined,
do we need a new language?
>>DESIREE: And let's face it.
If you talk about angels
or you talk about ET,
almost all of the
communication is telepathic.
It's part of this
communication wave.
Now, we have that ability.
That's what remote
viewing tells us.
That when the remote viewers
really looked at someplace
in Russia and they were
living in California,
they actually didn't send
and receive a signal.
From data from Russell Targ
and Elizabeth Rauscher--
who we co-wrote that book with--
basically, they put
their minds there.
They were already
there consciously.
And it was part of
their own field.
It's very unbelievable for us
to understand that because we're
so linear, and we use our
voice all the time to speak.
But in actuality, consciousness
is a much more vast reality.
And so with consciousness
also goes technology.
>>JJ: Out of consciousness,
we have the material universe,
but we also have
the mental universe.
And so what we're saying is
the whole concept of evolution
has to be understood
as coming out
of the consciousness
of the universal mind.
And the universal mind simply
didn't produce humans and ETs.
No, there are other categories.
Extracelestials,
ultraterrestrials,
even intraterrestrials.
All of these
different categories
require a whole new
biological textbook,
which we're engaged in
writing with other experts.
So to summarize, we are
interested in looking
behind the scenes at who is
doing the real research using
the scientific method.
Who is working with a
planetary understanding of what
we call the pyramidal
grid system that
covers all major
cultures, linking us
with these pyramids as
astrophysical computers
or beacons of information that
other cosmic societies can
tap into.
And also, we're working
with a whole understanding
of a new image of humanity.
What will happen to us beyond
disclosure that we are not
alone in the universe?
That we are invited to
join the family of nations
of advanced ET and UT
levels of intelligence?
>>NOORY: And what are UTs?
>>JJ: Ultraterrestrials
are beyond physical form.
Ultraterrestrials are
not subject to the laws
of thermodynamics or
physical classical science
as we define it.
They are in the realm of what
we call the angelic, the higher
dimensional of the avatars,
or in the Sanskrit traditions,
the mah avatars.
The superior minds who have gone
beyond evolution, and yet can
activate some aspects
of human evolution.
>>NOORY: Are they
in other universes?
>>JJ: In some ways,
consciousness universes.
And so here we come up with
the idea of multiverse,
or multi universe as a model
of future understanding.
In fact, we wrote a scientific
paper on the internet
with Elizabeth Rauscher
called "The Multiverse"
where we go into the
mathematics and physics.
For those who are
interested, go to the website
of Future Science, or at least
call up our scientific papers.
>>DESIREE: But what's
interesting is, these beings,
whether you're praying to God
or looking at extraterrestrials,
or even looking, in some cases,
at these ultraterrestrial
beings, in many
cases, they don't
have to come here, leave
where they are, come here.
The higher beings actually
just send their consciousness.
And they can materialize
because it's entangled.
There's this entangled reality
in this consciousness realm
of non-locality, which
scientists are now starting
to understand--
Bell's theorem, all this--
and it allows us and
them to communicate.
And we've been ignoring
that for thousands of years.
But I think the ancients
understood that.
>>JJ: So we are
multidimensional beings.
We are local as
well as non-local.
We can be here but
we can also be there.
And this is taking the
Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen, shall
we say, paradox
into new science.
Realizing that we are
now opening the door
to a whole new realm of
consciousness physics
whereby we'll be
able to understand
our cosmic "cousins,"
quote unquote.
We'll be able to
understand the mystery
of the Christ-like figures
in the ancient text.
We'll be able to understand our
role in a whole new development
as we become cosmic citizens.
>>DESIREE: And I have to
say, the pyramid is not just
a single-use technology.
We believe it's actually
a triple-use technology.
It is a way of connecting with
the star systems of Orion.
It is a way of getting
technology, energy
and gas connected with
water and hydrogen.
But it is also a way of,
we'll say, initiation.
Because I and other people
have sat in the King's Chamber,
done sacred prayers and mantras.
And it seems like
the walls go away
and there's a whole new
vibratory structure that's
there that's able to augment.
In fact, our sound testing
in the King's Chamber
has shown that the vibrations
that you create actually
don't go up into
alternative sounds,
but they go down into
creating alpha and theta waves
in your system.
So you're actually
creating almost
like the Tibetan
sounds in your mind,
and it puts you into
a meditative state.
>>JJ: One of our sound engineers
did the sound for the "Star
Trek" series.
We have had some of
the best musicologists
in the world, as you know.
Also, Carlos Santana
has worked with us.
His new music illustrates
a whole new generation
of taking spiritual or
higher elevated sounds
and bringing that into the
social situation of changing
our culture of death into a
culture of positive thinking,
positive sound.
So vibration, the
physics of acoustics,
is also part of these pyramid
complexes throughout the world.
We believe that we are part
of a spiritual evolution.
We're going into what we call a
spiritual quantum field whereby
we will be able to
understand the mysteries
of the great prophets,
the great avatars,
and even the Christ figure that
influence Western civilization.
Namely, we believe that there is
a type of higher consciousness
that will allow us to be
christed or anointed to think
multi-dimensionally and to work
as multidimensional beings.
>>DESIREE: But we do have
to do something ourselves.
And I like-- you said,
do we meditate more?
And yes, that would be good.
Yoga is very popular here,
I know, with Gaia itself.
So all these things help
us to get more in tune.
And the idea is that
we're interested
in extraterrestrials, we
do believe they exist,
but we're also interested
in telling people
there is a higher beings of
light, ultraterrestrials,
angelic messengers, whatever
you want to call them.
Even a divine Godhead, which
we also believe wholeheartedly.
And you can work with all
those levels of intelligence,
and they align you.
They help your physical body to
be more holistic, so to speak.
And they also help
our consciousness
to know what we should do.
Every moment of the day,
we have decisions to make.
We have decisions that will take
us in one direction or another.
And these higher beings actually
can help us in our direction.
Now, it's up to us.
We have free will on
everything that we have to do.
But it's also ability that
we have within ourselves
to go in a divine direction.
>>NOORY: Do you
agree with that, JJ?
>>JJ: Yes, I do.
In fact, we had the privilege of
working with the late astronaut
Gordon Cooper and also
astronaut Edgar Mitchell.
>>NOORY: Well, both of
them were believers in ETs.
Gordon saw things,
Edgar did not.
He always told me he
never saw anything
on the moon or
anything, but he was
told by people within government
that we're being visited.
>>JJ: I showed him a document
of three vehicles that were
on the surface of the moon.
And he blinked when he
saw this, which is to say,
there's more to the story
than that was officially
released over the years.
>>DESIREE: And of
course, Buzz Aldrin
was someone who also
has come out slightly
with some understanding.
>>NOORY: Slightly, slightly.
He said it's unidentified,
but he said not
necessarily extraterrestrial.
>>JJ: Astronaut Gordon Cooper
and I participated in a book
by the famous American
novelist Sidney Sheldon called
"Doomsday Conspiracy," and we
go into a fictional account
of a real story of an
American intelligence
agent who met with
a extraterrestrial
in Switzerland.
And so what we're
saying is, even
within the camp of the
pioneers of outer space--
Gordy Cooper and others--
there is a understanding
that we're being
prepared cosmically
to pick our place in the greater
role of humanity of the future.
We are a space-born
intelligence.
According to the
Greeks, we come out
of the logos
spermatikos, the sperm
or the seeds of evolution.
We are shaped by
divine forces, we
are here to enjoy this life
for a short period of time,
after which we go back
into the consciousness
vehicle from which
we've come, or life
after life, the eternal self.
>>NOORY: It is amazing that I
think the Bible makes reference
to angels which could
be extraterrestrial.
Does not negate the
belief in God by any
means, but I think that's
what they're talking about.
What do you think?
>>JJ: Well, the late
Dr. Billy Graham
mentioned that UFOs may be
God's secret angels or agents,
implying that there's more
to biblical cosmology.
And part of my work
is to show that many
of the biblical stories have a
higher understanding in terms
of the consciousness
physics of life.
And as we evolve
ourselves, as we
begin to realize we
are non-local beings,
we begin to understand what the
ancient scriptures speak of.
They speak of higher
states of awareness
through which we should
we go into dialogue
with the divine process of life.
>>NOORY: Do you
believe angels are ETs?
>>JJ: I believe
that the angels are
of different categories,
some of which
would be more ultraterrestrial
rather than ETs.
I make that distinction.
Angels are beyond
physical technology.
The physical technology of
ETs can break down in space.
Has to be, shall we say,
repaired from time to time.
The angelic dimension is a
whole category by itself.
So this is the new
face of science
that we need to look at.
The ultraterrestrial physics
of universal intelligence.
>>DESIREE: Right.
And that's what he saw
with Enoch and Metatron.
His body was only taken
to a certain point.
And then beyond that, there
was a energy body or light
body that was taken by
Metatron to higher realms.
So there's different
levels of intelligence.
And that's part of our work,
to expand our cosmology
not just to
extraterrestrials, but
to multidimensional realities.
>>NOORY: What does this tell
you about this planet in whole?
Everything we've talked about
in "Beyond Belief" today?
>>JJ: It tells us that this
planet is a schoolhouse,
and we're here for a
certain amount of years
to acquire the
knowledge we will need
in the next phase
of cosmic evolution.
And in our research, we
have come to the point
that the doors to
the cosmic university
are beginning to open.
Our friends from outer
space have been cautious--
those that are positive--
in keeping us aware
that there is more to come.
And we're seeing
now the combination
of what we would call
spiritual evolution
and scientific evolution.
They're both coming together.
A whole new realm
of possibilities
is suddenly being open to us.
But we must be
very careful in how
we use our positive energy in
association with many societies
in outer space.
We have to take the upper path.
>>DESIREE: Right.
And I would say
the important thing
for people is to
realize we're not alone.
And that gives hope
to people that there
is a future, whether
it's in the physical body
or in a consciousness higher
body, we have potential.
And that we're being
watched and guided,
technology is being given,
consciousness, ideas,
and understanding
is being given.
We have to choose, of course,
but individually, we all
have a greater potential.
>>NOORY: It could scare
other people, though.
Dr. David Jacobs believes
that these visitations are not
friendly.
>>JJ: He's a good scholar.
He's a good scientist.
And I believe there's
a certain percentage
of those from other worlds
that we have to be careful of.
And therefore, in
our research, we
have used, as it were, the
linguistics of the names of God
used by the prophets.
The great thinkers,
the great teachers.
And you see in
prophetic language,
we believe that there
is a preparation of how
we can screen or how we
can prepare ourselves
for different levels of mental
and physical conversation.
>>DESIREE: Right.
It's like a cosmic
telephone number.
If you have the right codes,
you call in those beings
that are more like you.
Whereas others are connected
with different types of beings.
And there are other various
energies in the universe.
Just like you'd be attracting
people on this planet,
you want the really good
guys that are here to help,
or you want the guys that
are robbing and stealing
all the time.
So you have that reality
in the local universe.
That's what the
ancient book of Enoch
even talked about, that
the local heavens actually
have these different realities.
>>NOORY: So we have
nothing to fear?
>>JJ: Well we have fear itself,
as the late President Roosevelt
said.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>JJ: But in terms of being
in the image of the divine,
in terms of having,
as it were, a higher
understanding of the scriptural
truths of all great cultures,
and the understanding of having
a wonderful heart that feels
compassion, love for
humanity, I feel we take
a step beyond the fear
dimension into the light,
into the glory of
God's presence,
and the recognition of what
he meant when he said he sent
the Christ into this
world to remind us
that we have a house of many
mansions to prepare for.
Why would this higher cosmology
be given, even symbolically,
if there were not
essential truths that
were there in the ancient
prophetic language?
So whether we use the Greek
traditions of [GREEK],, eternity
after eternity, whether
we use the Hebrew Aramaic,
or for that matter, the
Eastern Oriental languages that
speak of the celestial
realms of creation,
I think there's a
great incentive for us
to engineer a positive
future by taking, as it were,
a positive look at new
science, psychology,
sociology, with
the ability to open
the back door to the Old
Testament and the front door
to the New Testament,
realizing that we're
on the edge of the greatest
moment of human history.
Realizing there are
greater positive forces
than the few negative.
>>DESIREE: Right.
And in "The Keys of
Enoch," when he was given
this information--
saw it-- he actually
understood that it was
in 64 areas of science.
So that our genetics are
advancing so we understand
our cosmic others, our astronomy
is advancing so we understand
the heavenly realms, and even
our history, our knowledge--
look, you have 130,000-year-old
evidence of mastodon bones
and beings, people,
living in San Diego,
as you know from
that recent find--
so that we understand our past.
That we're not just
6,000 years old,
or not even just 40,000
or 400,000 years old.
Chances are we're
actually cosmic.
So this is part of
the information.
And when information
comes into our reality,
people pick up on it,
and people run with it.
>>JJ: Future science is science
guided by consciousness.
And so our work is to emphasize
the consciousness side of what
all this new science means, of
remote viewing, remote healing,
remote communication,
and the ability
to co-engineer with
our cosmic counterparts
a new cosmology that we're
not alone in the universe,
and we have responsibilities
as a planetary society
of helping all humanity to
make this quantum change.
>>NOORY: Give our "Beyond
Belief" audience your website
and how they can track you.
>>DESIREE: Well, we
have two websites.
keysofenoch.org
is our main site,
and we also have
futurescience.org,
because we always think
there's going to be a future
and science is part of it.
>>JJ: We have many books
and many music experiences
with some of the legendary
minds and musicians like Alice
Coltrane, Jocelyn
Smith from Berlin,
Steven Halpern from
the United States.
Some of the great musicians are
using the sacred expressions
or experiences that
allowed me to see briefly
the other side, that
we're not alone,
and there are
beings of light, not
extraterrestrial but
ultraterrestrials who
provide for us now this
greater education that we're
going into.
>>NOORY: That's fascinating.
Thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>JJ: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Isn't it an incredible
theory, the possibilities
that we've been visited not
just from extraterrestrials
from other planetary systems,
but now from other universes?
I'm George Noory, thanks for
watching "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]